README.md, before:

# Circuit UI

`yarn` to install
`yarn build:tailwind:dev` to build styles

```
$ clj -A:dev -X user/main

Starting Electric compiler and server...
shadow-cljs - server version: 2.20.1 running at http://localhost:9630
shadow-cljs - nREPL server started on port 9001
[:app] Configuring build.
[:app] Compiling ...
[:app] Build completed. (224 files, 0 compiled, 0 warnings, 1.93s)

👉 App server available at http://0.0.0.0:8080
```

# Error reporting

Reproduce this now and confirm error handling works so you trust it:

![screenshot of electric error reporting](readme-electric-error-reporting-proof.png)

Electric is a reactive (async) language. Like React.js, we reconstruct synthetic async stack traces. If you aren't seeing them, something is wrong!

# Logging

The Electric server logs. The default logger config is slightly verbose by default to force you to see it working:

```
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric.impl.env: reloading app.todo-list
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Client disconnected for an unknown reason (browser default close code) {:status 1005, :reason nil}
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Websocket handler completed gracefully.
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: WS connect ...
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric.impl.env: reloading app.todo-list
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Client disconnected for an unknown reason (browser default close code) {:status 1005, :reason nil}
```

**Silence the Electric debug logs by live editing logback.xml** and setting `name="hyperfiddle"` to `level="INFO"`, it will hot code reload so no restart is needed. Please **do NOT disable logs entirely**; the Electric server logs one important warning at the `INFO` level we call **unserializable reference transfer**, here is an example:

```
(e/defn TodoCreate []
  (e/client
    (InputSubmit. (e/fn [v]
                    (e/server
                      (d/transact! !conn [{:task/description v
                                           :task/status :active}])
                      nil))))) ;     <-- here
```

Note the intentional `nil` in the final line. If you remove the nil — try it right now — Electric will attempt to serialize whatever `d/transact!` returns — a reference — and stream it to the client. Since that reference cannot be serialized, Electric will send `nil` instead, and log at the `INFO` level:

```
INFO  hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io: Unserializable reference transfer: datascript.lru$cache$reify__35945 datascript.lru$cache$reify__35945@48ea0f24
INFO  hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io: Unserializable reference transfer: datascript.db.Datom #datascript/Datom [1 :task/description "asdf" 536870913 true]
...
```

We decided not to throw an exception here because it is almost always unintentional when this happens. **Do not disable this warning, it will save you one day!** If you want to target this exact message, use this:
`<logger name="hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io" level="DEBUG" additivity="false"><appender-ref ref="STDOUT" /></logger>`

[Note: Perhaps we should revisit this decision in the future now that our exception handling is more mature.]

# Deployment

ClojureScript optimized build, Dockerfile, Uberjar, Github actions CD to fly.io

```
HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION=`git describe --tags --long --always --dirty`
clojure -X:build uberjar :jar-name "app.jar" :version '"'$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION'"'
java -DHYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_SERVER_VERSION=$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION -jar app.jar
```

```
docker build --progress=plain --build-arg VERSION="$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION" -t electric-starter-app .
docker run --rm -p 7070:8080 electric-starter-app
```

```
fly launch # generate fly.toml
fly status
fly regions list
fly platform vm-sizes
fly scale vm shared-cpu-4x
NO_COLOR=1 fly deploy --build-arg VERSION="$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION"
# `NO_COLOR=1` disables docker-cli pagination to see full log in case of exception
# `--build-only` tests the build on fly.io without deploying

https://fly.io/docs/about/pricing/
https://fly.io/docs/apps/scale-machine/
https://community.fly.io/t/how-to-specify-regions-to-run-in/3048

# DNS
fly ips list
fly ips allocate-v4
# configure DNS A and AAAA records
fly certs create "*.electricfiddle.net" # quote * to avoid shell expansion
fly certs list
fly certs check "*.electricfiddle.net"
fly certs show "*.electricfiddle.net"

https://electric-starter-app.fly.dev/
```

Commit message:

Add some introduction to this repo

README.md, after:

# Circuit UI

[electric](https://github.com/hyperfiddle/electric) is an amazing tool for building fast

I want to go faster... In the React space I have seen high praise for [Radix](https://www.radix-ui.com/). I am also a fan of Tailwind. 

[shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/) is a newer resource which takes Radix and adds Tailwind. This repository is experiments in what something like this would look like in Electric. So we can build faster whilst also taking into account accessibility. 


## Get going
`yarn` to install
`yarn build:tailwind:dev` to build styles


Below is a continuation of the original starter repo for Electric.
```
$ clj -A:dev -X user/main

Starting Electric compiler and server...
shadow-cljs - server version: 2.20.1 running at http://localhost:9630
shadow-cljs - nREPL server started on port 9001
[:app] Configuring build.
[:app] Compiling ...
[:app] Build completed. (224 files, 0 compiled, 0 warnings, 1.93s)

👉 App server available at http://0.0.0.0:8080
```

# Error reporting

Reproduce this now and confirm error handling works so you trust it:

![screenshot of electric error reporting](readme-electric-error-reporting-proof.png)

Electric is a reactive (async) language. Like React.js, we reconstruct synthetic async stack traces. If you aren't seeing them, something is wrong!

# Logging

The Electric server logs. The default logger config is slightly verbose by default to force you to see it working:

```
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric.impl.env: reloading app.todo-list
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Client disconnected for an unknown reason (browser default close code) {:status 1005, :reason nil}
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Websocket handler completed gracefully.
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: WS connect ...
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric.impl.env: reloading app.todo-list
DEBUG hyperfiddle.electric-jetty-adapter: Client disconnected for an unknown reason (browser default close code) {:status 1005, :reason nil}
```

**Silence the Electric debug logs by live editing logback.xml** and setting `name="hyperfiddle"` to `level="INFO"`, it will hot code reload so no restart is needed. Please **do NOT disable logs entirely**; the Electric server logs one important warning at the `INFO` level we call **unserializable reference transfer**, here is an example:

```
(e/defn TodoCreate []
  (e/client
    (InputSubmit. (e/fn [v]
                    (e/server
                      (d/transact! !conn [{:task/description v
                                           :task/status :active}])
                      nil))))) ;     <-- here
```

Note the intentional `nil` in the final line. If you remove the nil — try it right now — Electric will attempt to serialize whatever `d/transact!` returns — a reference — and stream it to the client. Since that reference cannot be serialized, Electric will send `nil` instead, and log at the `INFO` level:

```
INFO  hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io: Unserializable reference transfer: datascript.lru$cache$reify__35945 datascript.lru$cache$reify__35945@48ea0f24
INFO  hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io: Unserializable reference transfer: datascript.db.Datom #datascript/Datom [1 :task/description "asdf" 536870913 true]
...
```

We decided not to throw an exception here because it is almost always unintentional when this happens. **Do not disable this warning, it will save you one day!** If you want to target this exact message, use this:
`<logger name="hyperfiddle.electric.impl.io" level="DEBUG" additivity="false"><appender-ref ref="STDOUT" /></logger>`

[Note: Perhaps we should revisit this decision in the future now that our exception handling is more mature.]

# Deployment

ClojureScript optimized build, Dockerfile, Uberjar, Github actions CD to fly.io

```
HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION=`git describe --tags --long --always --dirty`
clojure -X:build uberjar :jar-name "app.jar" :version '"'$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION'"'
java -DHYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_SERVER_VERSION=$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION -jar app.jar
```

```
docker build --progress=plain --build-arg VERSION="$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION" -t electric-starter-app .
docker run --rm -p 7070:8080 electric-starter-app
```

```
fly launch # generate fly.toml
fly status
fly regions list
fly platform vm-sizes
fly scale vm shared-cpu-4x
NO_COLOR=1 fly deploy --build-arg VERSION="$HYPERFIDDLE_ELECTRIC_APP_VERSION"
# `NO_COLOR=1` disables docker-cli pagination to see full log in case of exception
# `--build-only` tests the build on fly.io without deploying

https://fly.io/docs/about/pricing/
https://fly.io/docs/apps/scale-machine/
https://community.fly.io/t/how-to-specify-regions-to-run-in/3048

# DNS
fly ips list
fly ips allocate-v4
# configure DNS A and AAAA records
fly certs create "*.electricfiddle.net" # quote * to avoid shell expansion
fly certs list
fly certs check "*.electricfiddle.net"
fly certs show "*.electricfiddle.net"

https://electric-starter-app.fly.dev/
```
